PR Add rst for videos section 1 and 2, add directive for videos in conf (#124)
spyder-ide/spyder-docs: doc/first-steps-with-spyder.rst

#######################
First Steps with Spyder
#######################

> These section has three videos that provide a starting point for new users before they even open Spyder for the first time. Here, you will get familiar with opening Spyder in different ways, working with the four main panes and customizing Spyder to your heart's content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The videos in this section provide a starting point for new users who have never opened Spyder before.
You'll get familiar with opening Spyder in different ways, working with the four main panes and customizing the Spyder to your heart's content.
```

===============
Getting Started
===============

Discover the basics of using the Spyder interface and get an introduction to its four main panes, along with a quick look at the others.

.. youtube:: E2Dap5SfXkI
            :height: 360
            :width: 640
            :align: left

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

|

```

* Find out different ways to open Spyder
* Understand the key elements of Spyder’s interface
* Learn more about Spyder’s four core panes
* Explore the other default panes 

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

===================
Learning the basics
===================

Learn the basics of using Spyder’s four main panes.

.. youtube:: WV9bm4ey7Cg
            :height: 360
            :width: 640
            :align: left

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

|

```

> * Today, we’ll learn how to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

* Open and edit a file in Spyder’s Editor
* Run a script in the Editor and see the output in Spyder’s IPython Console
* Execute basic Python commands in the IPython console
* Define variables in the Editor and modify their values in the IPython Console
* View and interact with the variables in Spyder’s Variable Explorer 
* Get documentation in the Help pane in two different ways

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

=============
Customization
=============

Learn how to customize Spyder’s interface to match your workflow and development style.

.. youtube:: -dARZBUDk_s
            :height: 360
            :width: 640
            :align: left

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

|

```
